# Auto Assignment Grading Program Using Shell Scripts - Sample

This repository contains auto assignment grading program using bash shell scripts.

It is aimed to grade assignments in DGIST "CSE201 - Object-Oriented Programming" class.

**This is sample program repository to test features.**

## Tables

- [Auto Assignment Grading Program Using Shell Scripts - Sample](#auto-assignment-grading-program-using-shell-scripts---sample)
  - [Tables](#tables)
  - [How to use](#how-to-use)
  - [Features](#features)
    - [Unzip student's submission](#unzip-students-submission)
    - [Combine student's submission with grading codes](#combine-students-submission-with-grading-codes)
    - [Compile and execute grading codes](#compile-and-execute-grading-codes)
    - [Analyze outputs of grading code and score codes](#analyze-outputs-of-grading-code-and-score-codes)

## How to use

- `./sample.sh` : Do all grading process.
- `./sample_reset.sh` : Delete all files generated by `./sample.sh`
- `./sample_pring.sh` : After executing `./sample.sh`, check results with this script.

## Features

This program will have these features.

- [x] Unzip student's submission
- [x] Combine student's submission with grading codes
- [x] Compile and execute grading codes
- [ ] Analyze outputs of grading code and score codes.

### Unzip student's submission

Unzip student's submission in `./student_submission`. If there are no zip file, student id will not be in `samoke_student_list_submitted.txt"

### Combine student's submission with grading codes

Combine student's submission with `.cpp` files inside `./grading_cases` by problem number and cases.

### Compile and execute grading codes

Compile `.cpp` inside `./outputs/sample_{student_id}` and make `*_output.txt`, `*_compile_result.txt`. `*_output_diff.txt`.

### Analyze outputs of grading code and score codes

Analyze `*_output.txt`, `*_compile_result.txt`. `*_output_diff.txt` inside `./outputs/sample_{student_id}` and make result files. 

Result files should be remake into `.csv` that contains scores with python script.

Proper problem cases should be in `./grading_cases`.